(Yuma)
Last time
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal..."
(Dr. Faker)
Fix your fearful eyes on
Heart-Earth's true form!
Number 92,
Heart-Earth Dragon!
Neo Galaxy-Eyes,
attack with Ultimate Photon
Stream of Destruction!
Set Hart free now.
Release him!
I can't!
You think you're helping Hart,
but you're only putting him
in greater danger!
Your younger brother
cannot hope to survive
unless Astral World is destroyed
once and for all!
In my quest to save the boy,
I decided I had to look
outside our world
for a solution.
I abandoned everything else.
Even my own principles.
I soon discovered Barian.
It was a strange world with
energy resources
that seemed to be unique.
I did not hesitate to make
a deal with them.
They promised me that they
would save Hart...
and in exchange,
I agreed to destroy
Astral World.
(Barian)
Dr. Faker!
You almost succeeded.
But at the critical moment,
you faltered!
Stay away!
I will have to complete
what you began.
You three believe you
can defeat me?
Then I will give
you the chance to prove it!
This duel is far from over!
What do you mean...
Who are you?
I am from Barian World!
♪ If life is
a game they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to
challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't
ever break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
You're from Barian?
And you're out to
destroy Astral World?
That is correct.
And I will not let
anything or anyone interfere
with the completion of
my mission!
He took over Dr. Faker so he
can finish the duel!
Barian!
Now to complete my takeover
so I can finish you off.
Much better!
Now I have an
unpleasant surprise for you.
Heart-Earth Dragon has
another ability
you were clueless about.
If it has no Overlay Units
when it is destroyed,
it can come back one last time!
Heart-Earth's attack points
are equal
to the number
of banished cards,
multiplied by one thousand!
Looks like we've
gone back to square one.
Your situation has become
even more desperate
than you realize.
Your Neo Galaxy-Eyes is
now switched to defense mode.
Oh, great!
What are we gonna do now?
Kite!
His misery will soon end!
In fact, none of you will
survive this turn!
I draw!
Your downfall is assured
as I activate
the spell Barian's Gateway!
Every time your monster is
sent to the graveyard,
it bombards you
with 800 points of damage!
Uh-oh!
Think quick!
We only have a hundred life
points left, guys! Too late!
Heart-Earth Dragon will strike
your monster downending this duel
and your last chance
to oppose my plans!
Attack Neo Galaxy-Eyes!
Dragon Cannon Blast!
I activate
the trap Photon Escape!
This card banishes
Neo Galaxy-Eyes
and ends the battle.
So your attack fails!
You have only delayed
your unavoidable defeat.
It is true you will
take no damage,
but since you banished a card,
my Heart-Earth will
now grow
one thousand
attack points stronger!
It'll be even
harder to destroy it now
I can't give up.
But you're not well.
I don't care!
If you wanna take my
little brother,
you've gotta get past me first!
And I'm never gonna let
that happen!
Hart!
That was Kite.
I'm activating Dimension
Wanderer's special ability!
By sending Dimension Wanderer
to the graveyard,
I can combine the attack points
of two banishes monsters and
then deal the point total
to you as damage!
I choose Shark Drake Veiss
and Neo Galaxy-Eyes.
That's 7,300 points of damage!
And that means this
duel's over!
Ready?
You bet!
You first,
Neo Galaxy-Eyes!
Go Ultimate Photon Stream
of Destruction!
Now you, Shark Drake Veiss!
Chaos Stream!
I admire your
effort, but it means nothing,
because my Barian's Gateway
spell has another effect!
All I have to do is
send this card to the graveyard
and I take no damage!
He dodged yet another
attack of ours!
Oh no, Kite, are you okay?
Not you, too!
Now that I have
worn down two of you,
I can end my turn.
Only you stand in my way
now, Yuma Tsukumo,
but not for much longer!
Your life points are almost
gone, Yuma Tsukumo.
With your friends
down and your field empty,
you stand alone.
Which means
that you are destined
for complete destruction
just like Astral World!
No!
We've come too far!
Yuma and Kite are trying their
best to save me.
But now&
I must try to save them!
No Hart, what are you doing!?
Brother.
That power!
No, Hart...
All that energy...
It belongs to Barian World!
It is the power I infused
in you!
The field!
It is destabilizing!
Now's your chance, Yuma.
You and Astral can end this!
Your combined
powers will be too much
for that thing to handle!
(Astral) Yuma...
It is true!
We must join together!
Let's do this!
Here goes!
Yuma!
I'm feelin' the flow!
All set?
You betcha!
All right, it is time
for you and I
to build the Overlay Network!
Get ready, Astral!
When two distant souls
become one,
the power of Zexal is revealed!
Zexal Morph!
This must be the power I have
heard so much about.
That's right!
And I'll defend Astral World no
matter what it takes!
You can't win, Barian!
The bond that the two of
us share is simply too strong
for you to ever break!
It's my turn!
(Astral)
A truly powerful duelist can
shape the outcome of a duel.
He can even
generate the very card
that he needs to draw!
Let's do this!
Go Shining Draw!
I summon
Zexal Weapon Ultimate Shield!
Next, I activate its special
ability!
Once I summon this card,
I can bring back up to three
Xyz monsters
that had
been previously banished,
as long as I negate their
special abilities.
Three monsters!
Return, Chaos Number 39,
Utopia Ray!
Yuma, it's time.
We can all combine our
powers now.
I call on you, Chaos Number 32,
Shark Drake Veiss!
Return to battle, Neo
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Three banished monsters are now
back on my field,
which means your Heart-Earth
Dragon is forced to give up
3000 attack points!
You see?
Standing together, we're too
powerful for you!
Or so you believe!
But you are still destined
for destruction!
Just look!
Now what?
Oh no, the Sphere Field Cannon!
Even without Astral,
the cannon now has more
than enough energy
to obliterate Astral World!
Nothing you do can stop
me from completing my plan!
In a moment, Astral World will
be wiped out of existence
and all of you along with it!
No!
I'll hold you off by equipping
Ultimate Shieldonto Utopia Ray!
That will give Utopia Ray 2000
more defense points!
On top of that,
I equip the spell Xyz Unity
on Utopia Ray!
This switches Utopia Ray into
attack mode!
But that is not all!
Utopia Ray gains the attack
points of all Xyz monsters on our
field in defense mode!
Therefore, Utopia Ray has 9,800
attack points!
Impossible!
Now...
Get 'em, Utopia Ray!
Fool!
Raising your monster's attack
points was a mistake, because
Heart-Earth Dragon
bounces the damage back to you!
And that's why I'm activating
Xyz Unity's other effect
by sending Shark Drake
Veiss to the graveyard.
Utopia Ray can attack again
only now it can attack
you directly!
Unless I put a stop to it,
that is!
I activate the trap
Barian's Battle Buster!
Now by banishing a Barian card
in my graveyard,
I can stop two monster
attacks during this turn!
I banish Barian's Gateway,
thus stopping your pathetic
direct attack!
No sweat!
I'll just
send Neo Galaxy-Eyes
to the graveyard so that I can
attack you
one more time!
And once again, I attack you
directly!
Worthless move!
All I have to do is activate
Barian Battle Buster's effect!
Then your direct attack is
stopped again!
Plus, when
I send Barian's Battle Buster
to the graveyard,
I can force one monster on
the field to engage in battle!
We're cooked!
If he picks Utopia Ray...
then 6,800 points of damage
will come bouncing back at us!
Victory!
It is doomsday for
you and Astral World!
You just lost.
What?
I activate Ultimate Shield's
special ability!
Ultimate Shield
not only stops that damage,
but that amount is added to
Utopia Ray's attack points!
But there's more,
Heart-Earth Dragon's special
abilities are negated!
Oh, no!
No way!
It cannot be!
This battle is over!
Get set, Utopia Ray!
Attack with Rising Sun
Ultimate Slash!
You will pay for this!
I warned you!
Our bond is way too strong
for you!
No!
Hart!
I gotcha!
Kite, I'm free!
Yes, you're free Hart.
It's all over.
You're gonna be safe now.
Tori!
Are you okay!?
Orbital!
I command you to wake up!
That's an order!
Sir...
I'm wide-awake!
Where am I?
It's Kite...
and Hart!
Father!
No... Father!
Orbital, take care of Hart.
You're leaving?
But, Master!
I have to go!
Brother!
Kite, come back!
I will Hart.
After I save our father!
Tori, look after Shark.
Good luck.
Thanks Shark.
Hang on, Kite!
I'm on my way!
Now where's my Dad?
Dad!
I got you!
You came for me?
Let's go.
Yuma!
Why are you helping me, Yuma?
I once betrayed your father.
I despise what you did,
but I also understand
that you thought
you were helping your
son, Hart.
If my dad were here, I'm sure
he'd help you, as well.
You are just like your father.
But I don't deserve any mercy.
My actions were
truly unforgiveable.
No!
If you're sorry...
(Vetrix)
Faker!
Those you wronged will
be revenged.
Vetrix!
Hang on tight, folks!
This could be a really
rough ride!
Yuma!
Vetrix...
Don't do it.
Hasn't there
been enough suffering?
Please, Byron,
I deserve whatever vengeance
you want to carry out,
but Kite and Yuma are innocent.
Let them go!
Then you can settle
things with me.
Father!
Let go of your rage!
I will now show you...
my great power!
Don't worry, you guys.
I'm sure Yuma and Kite
will be okay.
They'll find a way out somehow.
Wait, what happened?
Hey, we made it!
Yuma, you made it out?
Kite!
Father!
Okay, you can stop crying
now, Tori.
I'm totally fine.
Ha!
You don't understand a thing!
I wasn't crying because
I was worried,
but because you came back
to complicate my life
even more!
Byron.
Yes, Faker.
Byron, I'm so sorry.
Goodbye, my friend.
May you and your sons
find peace!
After all that I did,
he forgave me.
How's he doin' there, Dextra?
He should pull through
just fine.
Let's head for the med
center, Nistro.
Will do!
Bye, Shark.
I know you're in good hands.
(Dr. Faker)
Forgive me, Hart.
I have much to make up for...
to you and your brother.
I hope that in time,
we can be a true family again.
It is over.
Well done, Yuma.
Wait, it's not over yet!
I still get to have one
wish granted
for winning the Duel Carnival!
And for my wish I
wanna have a duel against Kite!
C'mon, What do you say?
That sounds intriguing
This would be the Carnival's
real final, Kite.
Well, then.
In that case, I say...
when do we start?
The sooner the better!
And may the best duelist win!